Allow context key args to not provide a default (#33430)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/tutorial/taskflow.rst

Accessing context variables in decorated tasks
----------------------------------------------

When running your callable, Airflow will pass a set of keyword arguments that
can be used in your function. This set of kwargs correspond exactly to what you
can use in your Jinja templates. For this to work, you can add context keys you
would like to receive in the function as keyword arguments.

For example, the callable in the code block below will get values of the ``ti``
and ``next_ds`` context variables:

.. code-block:: python

   @task
   def my_python_callable(*, ti, next_ds):
       pass

..

You can also choose to receive the entire context with ``**kwargs``. Note that

> this is can incur a slight performance penalties since Airflow will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this can incur a slight performance penalty since Airflow will need to
```
